haha thinking about the left then I'll
saw you with your head in the cows
stepping over Rainbow Bay a member with
basically we're taking laptops and we're
placing hard drives with SSDs or
solid-state drives just to show how cool
and fast they are now you kid all right
have a good one sorry can I see a quick
question about your laptop do you have a
laptop hi and basically all right thanks
you've got this new technology they're
replaced by all right I promise you
these SSDs genuinely are absolutely
amazing I use it it's my lifeblood of
skyping my boyfriend Argentina and
basically skype and what he'll text me
to say baby doing the sky yeah I runs
like amp you are and like I'm slows down
my nose just it's just God so these boys
inside gonna solve your solve your love
life problems right here thanks to mine
hey silly wheels
oh well together
nothing
I don't
it's all
I will laptop computer all in the chin
where are you yeah yeah and don't forget
you're a metal nan laptop no yeah I'm
ready thank you people tell me just to
move get that boy I see nothing just
don't eat yeah samsung it's just deep do
you wanna check it out hahaha we can
follow
we go get back on the right track Berlin
better bring key good news
we take a seat over here really quick it
wasn't quick yeah
you